In GITHUB, tests are run always in headless mode, so do the settings accordingly in playwright.config.ts files.
What is GITHUB Actions and it's pros and cons and its use cases in project framework.

Steps to integrate the Repo code into the GITHUB Actions to run the framework code:

Settings > Actions > General > Workflow permissions > Select the 'Read and write permissions' checkbox. 
Settings > Pages > Set branch as 'Master' and Save it.
Create folder '.github/workflows' in project root in VSC.
Create a 'playwright-run.yml' file under above folder and add/modify content in it carefully as per your GITHUB repo url and test case to be run.
The yml file will have job section with different job names. (eg for Test Executuon, Report Generation etc...)
'playwright-run.yml' file has 2 sections: test and publish reports section.
Set headless: true in the config.ts file because test run in headless mode in GITHUB Actions.
Comment the retries section in config.ts file to avoid retries run.
Set 'startServer: false' in the reporter section for 'playwright-html-reporter'.(not to launch report automatically in local browser.)
Workflow in GITHUB actions will run on every push of the code from local to GITHUB repo, as per settings in the playwright-run.yml file.
Settings > Pages > Set branch as 'gh-pages' in 'Build and deployment' section, from earlier master branch and Save it.
'gh-pages' branch will appear in the code section together with 'master' branch.
'gh-pages' branch will contain the generated different types of reports.
Create a README.md file at project root and modify its content as per the our GITHUB repo.
README.md file is used to create badges for reporting in the code section on GITHUB repo.
In the config.ts file under use section, add 'headless: !!process.env.CI' so that it can pick 2 values(false for local run and true for CI run) .
Value of CI as true will be provided dynamically from yml file.
To run tests on different envs and browsers thru GITHUB Actions, create different playwright.config.ts files and do necessary changes for login creds and browsers in them.
Create a manual-run.yml file to run the framework from GITHUB Actions manually.
CI will be set to true in manual-run.yml file.
Make the required changes in manual-run.yml file as per our GITHUB repo and project.
manual-run.yml file will create a workflow in the GITHUB Actions.
After pushing the code, 'Playwright Manual Run' workflow will be created under GITHUB Actions.
Go to 'Playwright Manual Run' workflow and run it with different envs and browsers.
Caching can also be implemented in playwright-run.yml file.
Caching restores the browser dependencies and other things and are not downloaded again and again on evert workflow run.
Caching makes the playwright workflow Execution faster.

Important points:-
Only login tests will run from code push using 'playwright-run.yml' file because only Login spec file is  mentioned in it.
All tests will be run by running Manually from 'manual-run.yml' file Framework from GITHUB Actions because it uses 'npx playwright test' in it.
Modify README.md file to accomodate reports URLs created from Manual Run or Code Push.
Only one type of report(either from Manual run or from Code Push) will be displayed at a time as the deployment URL on github.io is same for both Report dashboards.